Add CreateCardForIssue (#8)
SonarSource/gh-action-lt-backlog: CreateCardForIssue/ReadMe.md

# CreateCardForIssue

> Crate card for issue in selected column. Typically used to add issue on Kanban when it's milestoned.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
Create a card for the issue in the configured column. Typically used to add an issue on Kanban when it's added to a milestone.
```

Author: I kept the `milestoned`, as that's how GitHub calls it, see
```
on:
  issues:
    types: ["milestoned"]
```
